{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Tools for Project managment\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab Sitecheck Scanner\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab A CLI for end-to-end testing Client websites.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Generates Visual tour of multiple Geotechincal monitoring platforms, used to assists Geo-Instrument\u8217's field technicians with Issue Visablity\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Navigates through Planviews and alerts the User to changes in sensor status, missed readings and setup errors.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Support for Microsoft Team\u8217's Adaptive Cards.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab SQL database is monitored, alerting on missing sensors and reporting via MQTT broker.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Decentralized database access, and reduced Human error in Issue visablity.\line ### {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HExwe__eeJU"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Demo on Youtube
}}}
 \u8212- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/DanEdens/sitecheck"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Check it out on Github
}}}
 \u8212- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pypi.org/project/sitecheck/0.8.1.1/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Install via Pip
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HExwe__eeJU"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: assets/ExampleSitecheckScannerTeamsCardGeneration.jpg]\cf0}
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Timelapse Factory\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Web scrapper for manipulating data displayed on our Quickview platform.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Used to overlay data plots onto Jobsite Camera footage.\line ### {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgKvyPWVw6E"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Demo On Youtube
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgKvyPWVw6E"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: assets/timelapsesexample_still.png]\cf0}
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Tools for the Field\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab Interface Panel -\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://taskernet.com/shares/?user=AS35m8mBhJAezDTr0Lio7dopdLiBaKgozAOxoCXM7Mh8sS5hSvSst1kEMf5%2FJeJveB%2BsvU8%3D&id=Project%3AInterface"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Download on Taskernet
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab GUI for assigning scripts to Mobile device triggers such as Shake, Hardware buttons, NFC tags, and Voice commands.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Used to assist in safely operating testing equipment in Industrial environments.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Able to detect current job by closest address, and uses this for sorting data.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab \u8220"SOS button\u8221" mode to alert On-Site Safety Manager\line {\cf1 [image: assets/InterfacePanelExample_Tasker.jpg]\cf0}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab LnetFieldApp\line Frontend:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Andriod App for controling {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.topconpositioning.com/total-stations/robotic-total-stations/ms-axii"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Topcon
}}}
 total stations.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Internal replacement for Campbell Scientic\u8217's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.campbellsci.loggerlink&hl=en_US&gl=US"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Loggerlink
}}}
 app.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Significantly improves ability to locate survey points.\line {\cf1 [image: assets/Lnet_example_Tasker.jpg]\cf0}\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Backend:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Lightweight and scalable python script that pipes MQTT topics into {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/xargs.1.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Xargs
}}}
.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Non-blocking control of several Units through the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.campbellsci.com/loggernet"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Loggernet CLI, Corascript
}}}
.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Server utilizes Python, Xargs, and Mosquitto.\line {\cf1 [image: assets/LnetAppWithServerExample.jpg]\cf0} \u8212-\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Tools for the Shop\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab AMTSworkshop\line {\i Began as migration of 20 years worth of Campbell Scientific Datalogger programs into Git.}\line {\cf1 [image: assets/AMTSworkshopCover.jpg]\cf0}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Worked on an R&D project for a new type of Monitoring prism.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Azure DevOps pipelines for testing each commit on live lab equipment\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Designed to handle rolling out changes slowly due to certain project specs requiring legacy versions on remote data loggers.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Geo Battery Bot\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/DanEdens/GeoBatteryBot_public"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Check it out on Github
}}}
\line {\cf1 [image: assets/BatteryBotExample.jpg]\cf0}\line {\cf1 [image: assets/BatteryBotGUIexample.jpg]\cf0}\line Mobile app for tracking inventory of Geo-instrument\u8217's fleet of 110ah AGM batteries.\line This is used to manage the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.upsbatterycenter.com/blog/battery-desulfation/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
desulfating
}}}
 schedule.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab I created a QRcode generator which publishes a number and status to the (Join API)[https://joaoapps.com/join/api/].\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab A tablet located in the Geo-Instrument\u8217's Shop acts as the server.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Created an Andriod app as GUI and backend to log unit events.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab \b \fs32 Stickers are generated in a given range of serial numbers by the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/DanEdens/GeoBatteryBot_public/blob/master/qr-generator.py"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
python script: QR-generator.py
}}}
\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Project Portfolio:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.geo-instruments.com/mse-wall-repair/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
MSE Wall Repair (Project Spotlight)
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Apr 2021 - Oct 2021\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Planned and executed a Monitoring plan for a collapsed MSE wall in Fort Worth, Tx.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Deployed Tiltmeters and Crack monitoring equipment to monitor for movement during wall repair.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Built and Maintained Client website displaying Tiltmeter and AMTS Data.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.massman.net/project/columbia-lock-dam-emergency-repairs"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Lock and Dam (Project Spotlight)
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Nov 2018 - Feb 2019\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Emergency Repair of an Army Corps of Engineers\u8217' Lock and Dam.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Provided Equipment troubleshooting and Live Data monitoring for the repair team.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Developed a Grout logging app for Crew working in heavy storming.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Deployed Piezometers and Tiltmeters 40 feet underwater on the Dam\u8217's slab.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tfc-ccp.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Capitol Complex Excavation
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Mar 2018 - Jul 2022\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Excavation monitoring in downtown Austin, Tx.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Installed AMTS systems, Tiltmeters, Automated Inclinometers, and Vibration Monitors.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 4.\tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://abc13.com/sh-288-pavement-failure-safety-purposes-structural-damage/10527940/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
SH288 WSE wall failure (News Article on Emergency)
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Apr 2021 - Oct 2021\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Provided the client with SAA and Piezometer data during operations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab These were used to monitor for additional settlement and the height of the water table during Emergency repairs.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 5.\tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nola.com/news/business/article_a9e05f91-a734-5bd1-8d05-587258f6a3c0.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Fuji (Project News article)
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Aug 2021 - Apr 2022\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Tunneling Monitoring below 14 lines of Railroad.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Provided the client settlement data during tunnelling.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 6.\tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dmagazine.com/commercial-real-estate/2020/06/first-look-the-kimpton-pittman-hotel-in-deep-ellum/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Pittman Hotel (Project News article)
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Aug 2018 - Apr 2019\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Monitoring underpinning activities during the preservation project of The Pittman Hotel in Dallas, Tx\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Provided the client with a website for viewing Settlement and tilt data.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 7.\tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.realcomm.com/news/1045/1/river-south-austin-introducing-the-smart-building"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
425 Riverside (Project News article)
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab May 2019 - Jun 2020\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Diaphragm wall project in Downtown Austin, Tx\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Data used to verify design loads during construction, resulting in the elimination of a row of anchors.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 8.\tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tunnelingonline.com/crossing-the-canadian-river/?oly_enc_id=9796A6381467B9S"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Atoka Pipeline Repair (Project News article)
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Jul 2019 - Jan 2022\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Tunneling project to relocate a Water pipeline underground\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Installed 2 AMTS systems to monitor the active water pipeline during blasting activities\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 9.\tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.wcvb.com/article/mbta-green-line-service-suspended-government-center-garage/40399135"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Government Center Parking Garage - MBTA Greenline LT(Project News article)
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab May 2022\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Load Test performed on supports affected by the Government Center Garage collapse in Boston, MA.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Deployed MPBX Laser systems and String potentiometer during testing.\sa180\sa180\par}
}
