{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/DanEdens"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Dan Edens
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "4696367704"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
(469)-636-7704
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "DanEdens31@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
DanEdens31@gmail.com
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Self Sufficient and Driven Software Engineer with a focus on Process Automation and Data Collection.\line I Offer a wide range of experience in DevOps Project management, Data collection, Risk mitigation, and Compliance documentation.\line Hands-on field experience spent ensuring data flow from sensors and assisting clients with data utilization, yielded a strong practical sense for user-centred Design.\line Experienced Operating Independently, and worked as a stand-alone remote branch for 3.5 years.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Incomprehensive list of tools I have delivered products using:\line - Python, NodeJS, Javascript, Java, Visual Basic, HTML, REST, PHP, SQL, MQTT, and a variety of APIs\line - DevOps CI/CD, Containerization, and Documentation generation\line - Cloud platforms including Azure, Gitlab, AWS, and self-hosted services\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/DanEdens/Resume/blob/main/Portfolio.md"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Project Portfolio
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Work History\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Geo-Instruments\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 06/2018 - Present (07/2022)\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.geo-instruments.com/implementing-geotechnical-monitoring-programs/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
VIdeo detailing what we do at Geo-instruments
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Geo-technical Monitoring specialist responsible for managing projects including Data collection, Web development, Risk mitigation and Compliance documentation for a variety of industries.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Managed multiple projects with job sites across the Midwest.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Built backends for data collection and set up project Websites using Python, Javascript, NodeJS, MQTT, SQL, and PHP.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed tools to improve efficiency and Issue response time.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Experience with Data acquisition tools such as Solar controllers, Modems, Sensors, and dataloggers.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 In addition to this Project management role, I heavily engaged myself in our Apps and Software departments.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Some of these duties include:\line 1. Setting up Customer websites\line 1. Automating data collection of field sensors\line 1. Alert Investigation\line 1. Setting up and maintaining reports to clients\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Chili\u8217's Grill and Bar\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 4570 TX-121, Lewisville, TX 75056 - (214) 494-6341\line Prep Cook: 01/2016 to 06/2018\line 1. Motivated food industry worker offering over 5 years of experience.\line 1. Lead Prep team, Maintained a show-ready kitchen for Chili\u8217's Test location\line 1. Took part in Franchise showcases and assisted in Marketing events such as filming TV commercials.\line 1. Worked closely with corporate offices to help field test timely and effective ways to improve menu recipes and standards.\line 1. Created a hands-free Recipe app for the kitchen\u8217's tablet.\line 1. Created Cooling log and Inventory tracking app.\line 1. Collected data on the accuracy of daily On-hand food quantities for a 6-month period. This Resulted in Improved Daily prep list efficiency.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Chili\u8217's Grill and Bar\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 190 Williamson Blvd, Ormond Beach, FL 32174 - (386) 672-7760\line Prep Cook: 06/2014 to 09/2015\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.woodplc.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Wood (Previously known as AMEC Earth & Environmental)
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 4490 Beltway Drive, Addison, TX 75001 - (469) 828-4100\line Laboratory Technician 08/2013 to 03/2014\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab Performed laboratory testing on concrete and soil samples.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Collected and maintained data reports detailing project samples.\line \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab Managed test scheduling and preserving samples in limestone storage tanks\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8226? Certifications:\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.concrete.org/certification/certificationprograms.aspx?m=details&pgm=Field%20Concrete%20Testing&cert=Concrete%20Field%20Testing%20Technician%20-%20Grade%20I"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ACI Concrete Technician certification
}}}
\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Associate of Arts: Computer Science\line North Lake College - Irving, TX: 2012-2014\line - Focused on coursework in Mathematics and Intro to C++\par}
}
